What is guru?
        Guru is uber for tutors.
        At the tap of a button, users can find tutors that will meet them anywhere for as long as they need.

Tutors
        Specify what times they are available.
        
There are two types of timeslots.
        Regular timeslots can be filled like any appointment.
        Auction slots allow users to bid to get a specific time slot.
        Tutors specify the starting price and 24 hrs before the slot, the auction ends.
    
Auction 
    There will be peak times for when tutors are needed.
    This means that those spots are worth more, because demand is high and supply is low.
    

There are also surges.
        If a user needs a tutor immediately, they will pay a surcharge in order for a tutor to stop what they are doing and immediately go to them.
        This only occurs if there are no tutors available immediately.

Types of tutors:
        Academic tutors
                Homework help
                Enrichment
                Computer Science
        Test Prep       
                SAT tutors
                GRE tutors
        Athletic coaches
        Musical instructors
        Professional Coaches
                Medical Doctors
                MDs at large banks

Minimum viable product will enable two different types of tutors:
        001 general homework help:
                science
                math
                English
                Social studies
        002 Computer Science track
                CS is hot right now, and many parents want their kids to learn it.
                Proprietary curriculum from basic HTML to intro level java and beyond

Monetization:
        Percentage off of every transaction.
        Uber and Apple take 30%
        We will charge a flat rate of $45 to users (for the first visit)
        $45 * .3 = $13.50
        We make $13.50 per session.
        The tutor receives the remaining $32.50
        Each visit, the tutor receives another dollar back, until they reach $35
                1st visit: $32.50
                2nd visit: $33.50
                3rd visit: $34.50
        This encourages repeat visits and for users to stick with our system.

        Users want our service, because the more they use our service, the cheaper the fee becomes.
                They can pay $44 and then $43, up until $40.
                We are essentially paying them to be loyal to us.
                Eventually our profit margin is only $5 per session.
                But if they meet once a week, that is still $20/month.
        Also, if a tutor can't make it one week, because he has an exam or a vacation, the user has the option of using
                another tutor to seamlessly take that session, and the tutor will fill in the new guy on what to do.
                This is a pro for both the tutor and the user.



        Tutors want our service because it handles payment seamlessly.
                The credit card is stored on file, and instantly transfers to their account.

Flexibility
    If a tutor can't make a session, they can notify 48 hours in advance.
    This allows flexibility so that if there is an incredibly busy week, a tutor can free up their schedule, and the student still gets a tutor.

Scale up more tutoring time as needed. 
    If the student is undergoing a heavy workload, like exam week, etc. they can order more hours from the same tutor if available, or more tutors.

Long term student record with weekly logs        
    Weekly notes regarding what the student learned so that other tutors can understand their level easily.


Tutor profile
    Credentials (school, interests, hobbies)
    Classes they have taken
    Profile picture
    Short video introducing them?

